Updates to New User flows from user feedback (#607)
All-Hands-AI/docs: openhands/usage/agent-canvas/overview.mdx

| Concept | What It Means | Why It Matters |
|-------|---------------|----------------|
| **Browser UI** | The web interface you open in your browser. | This is where you chat, inspect files, manage settings, and configure automations. |
| **Backend** | The agent server that runs conversations, tools, settings, secrets, and automations. | This determines where the agent runs and what machine or sandbox it can access. |
| **Workspace** | The folder, repository, container mount, or cloud sandbox the agent works in. | This determines which files the agent can read and write. |
| **Agent and model** | The OpenHands agent or an ACP agent, plus the model credentials it uses. | This determines which LLM or provider receives conversation context and powers the agent. |

<Note>
  Settings, secrets, LLM configuration, MCP servers, skills, conversations, and automations are scoped to the active backend. Switching backends switches the environment the agent is using.
</Note>

## Choosing A Trust Boundary

Before installing, decide where you want the agent to run and what files it should be able to access.

| Setup | Trust Boundary | Best For |
|-------|----------------|----------|

> | **npm local install** | Runs directly on your machine. The agent server can operate in local workspaces you open. | Fastest local setup when you trust the machine and understand the file access. |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| **npm local install** | Runs directly on your machine. The agent server can operate on the local filesystem. | Fastest local setup when you trust the machine and understand the file access. |
```

Technically, I think the “workspace you open” is not enforced, for the local agent: it can run bash and python etc so it can go anywhere.

- **OpenHands Cloud key** — use an OpenHands Cloud API key for verified hosted models.
- **ACP agent subscription login** — use a signed-in provider, such as Claude Code, Codex, or Gemini, when the backend runs on the same machine as that login.
- **Local or OpenAI-compatible provider** — connect providers such as Ollama, LM Studio, LiteLLM, or a compatible gateway through model settings.

See [LLM Profiles and Model Configuration](/openhands/usage/agent-canvas/llm-profiles) and [ACP Agents](/openhands/usage/agent-canvas/acp-agents) for details.

## How It Fits With Other OpenHands Products

| Product | Use It When |
|---------|-------------|
| **Agent Canvas** | You want a self-hosted browser UI for local, remote, or cloud-backed agents and automations. |
| **OpenHands Cloud** | You want a fully managed hosted experience with no local installation. |
| **OpenHands SDK** | You want to build agents or agent-powered applications in Python. |
| **Local GUI (Legacy)** | You are following older Docker-based Local GUI documentation. New local browser workflows should use Agent Canvas. |

## Before You Start

For the normal local setup, you need:

- Node.js 22.12 or later
- `npm`

> - A model access path, such as a provider API key, OpenHands Cloud key, ACP subscription login, or local model server

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- A model access path, such as a provider API key, OpenHands Cloud LLM key, ACP subscription login, or local model server
```

I think?
